* Butler component reads now cache the serialization tree of the most recently read dataset.
  Requesting several metadata components of the same dataset (for example ``sky_projection`` followed by ``obs_info``) therefore opens and reads the file only once.
  Components that need pixel, table, or archive-pointer data still fall back to reading the file, decided at runtime by probing the tree with the new ``lsst.images.serialization.DetachedArchive``.
* Modified butler formatter to understand a special "components" component that allows you to return multiple components in a single call.
  The results are returned in a `dict` with keys corresponding to the component names.
  You can specify specific components by passing a list to a ``components`` parameter to the ``get``.
  If no parameter is given all parameters will be returned.
* Added a ``lsst-images-admin fuzz-masked-image`` subcommand that shuffles the image, mask, and variance pixels of any ``MaskedImage`` file within tiles so the file can be released as public test data.
  It reads any supported format, writes back in the format chosen by the output extension, and applies lossy RICE compression to the science planes for FITS output.
* Added ``lsst.images.Mask.add_plane`` to allocate a new mask plane (with a name and description) on an existing mask in place.
  The backing array gains an additional element per pixel when the new plane crosses an element boundary of the mask data type (every eight planes for the default ``uint8``).
* Added ``lsst.images.Image.from_hdu_list`` and ``lsst.images.MaskedImage.from_hdu_list`` to reconstruct an ``Image`` or ``MaskedImage`` from the cut-down FITS HDU lists written by ``dax_images_cutout`` (an ``lsst.images`` file with its JSON-tree and index HDUs dropped), so they can be re-serialized as normal ``lsst.images`` files.
  Supporting this, ``MaskSchema.from_fits_header`` reconstructs a schema from ``MSKN``/``MSKD`` cards, and ``lsst.images.fits.read_offset_wcs`` and ``read_yx0`` recover the logical pixel origin from the FITS header.
  When reconstructing from a legacy (afw-written) mask, ``MaskedImage.from_hdu_list`` now keeps the legacy ``MP_*`` mask-plane cards for backwards compatibility instead of stripping them, re-indexing each to the bit position it occupies in the reshuffled schema so legacy readers see every plane at the bit it is actually packed into on disk.
  These ``MP_*`` cards are written purely for legacy tooling: the normal ``lsst.images`` reader strips them on read (the serialized schema is authoritative), so they cannot drift out of sync with the mask or be re-propagated on rewrite.
